Add chat template (#1873)
EleutherAI/lm-evaluation-harness: docs/interface.md

- `--include_path` : Accepts a path to a folder. If passed, then all YAML files containing `lm-eval` compatible task configurations will be added to the task registry as available tasks. Used for when one is writing config files for their own task in a folder other than `lm_eval/tasks/`.

- `--system_instruction`: Specifies a system instruction string to prepend to the prompt.

> - `--apply_chat_template` : If this flag is on, a chat template will be applied to the prompt. For Hugging Face models, the chat template is taken from the tokenizer, if the tokenizer does not have a chat template, a default one will be applied. For other models, a generic chat template is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--apply_chat_template` : If this flag is on, a chat template will be applied to the prompt. For Hugging Face models, the chat template is taken from the tokenizer, if the tokenizer does not have a chat template, a default one will be applied. For other models, chat templating is not currently implemented.
```
